Hello and welcome to this Samsung Knox training video on managing
Knox Suite licenses for Enterprise Edition devices.
Note that this video only covers Knox Suite licenses included with Enterprise Edition devices,
and not standalone Knox Suite licenses.
Let's get started.
Enterprise Edition is an offering that bundles devices together with a
one-year renewable Knox Suite license, and up to five years of
security maintenance from the year of device launch.
Before you can manage licenses for Enterprise Edition devices,
you must first have a Samsung Knox account to access the Knox Admin Portal.
You'll also need to purchase Enterprise Edition devices from an authorized Samsung device reseller
and have them uploaded to your account.
Once your devices are uploaded, you can access the Enterprise Edition dashboard.
This is where you'll manage the Knox Suite licenses for these devices.
There are three ways to access the dashboard:
either through the Knox highlights card,
the Licenses page,
or the Additional solutions page.
To access the dashboard through the Licenses page, click ACTIONS, then click Get a license.
Then at the bottom of the dialog, click GENERATE KNOX SUITE LICENSE.
On the Enterprise Edition dashboard, you’ll see a list of devices
uploaded by each of your resellers.
When generating a Knox Suite license for Enterprise Edition devices,
pay attention to the number in the REMAINING DEVICES column, as this
indicates the number of devices you can generate a license for.
Note that you can't generate a license if the number is zero, as this means that
all Enterprise Edition devices uploaded by this reseller
already have a Knox Suite license generated.
To generate a license, select a reseller upload from the table,
then click ACTIONS, followed by Generate license.
On the dialog, select a start date for your new Knox Suite license.
This can be any date, up to six months in the future.
Click GENERATE to create the license for the newly uploaded devices.
After you generate a license, the number in the DEVICES WITH LICENSE GENERATED column
should increase by the number of licenses generated.
The number in the REMAINING DEVICES column will be zero when every Enterprise Edition device
uploaded by that reseller has received a license.
Note that Enterprise Edition devices only activate their licenses
after they enroll into a Knox service.
As enrollment steps may vary depending on the service.
Please see the documentation on each service for complete enrollment information.
If you purchase additional Enterprise Edition devices from the same reseller,
and the reseller uploads them to your account after a license is already generated for the previous batch,
then you'll see the number of UPLOADED DEVICES increase by the number of additional devices you purchased.
In the REMAINING DEVICES column, you'll also see the number of newly added devices eligible for a license.
For these new devices, you can choose to either generate a brand-new license key,
or append these devices to the same license key generated for the last batch.
Appending simply means that all of the newly uploaded devices are added as seats to your existing license,
eliminating the need to generate and manage another separate license key.
Note that appending devices changes the license expiration date
for all devices sharing the same key.
To append, select a reseller upload from the table, then click ACTIONS,
followed by Append to an existing license.
You’ll see a list of your existing license keys,
their associated reseller, the number of seats, and the license's expiration date.
Select which license to append the new devices to, then click CONTINUE.
The number of seats in the appended license will increase
by the number of devices in the latest reseller upload.
You'll also see an adjusted expiration date for your license after devices are appended to it.
Note that the license key remains the same.
If you want to append all future device uploads from this reseller, you can select the option here.
Any new uploads will be automatically added as seats to your existing license key.
Click APPEND to add the new devices to your existing license.
The number in the REMAINING DEVICES column should now be zero.
If you have multiple Enterprise Edition Knox Suite licenses,
you can merge licenses if they are either from the same reseller,
or have no reseller, and if the licenses haven't been assigned to any devices.
For example, if you have an unused license with 3 seats, and another one with 7 seats,
you can combine them into a 10-seat license instead.
To merge, click ACTIONS, then click Merge license.
On the next page, pay attention to the STATUS column.
You can only merge license keys that are Active.
Click the merge icon on the key you'd like to merge,
then click NEXT.
On the next dialog, select which key you want to merge into,
Note that merging licenses also updates the expiration date of the merged key.
Click MERGE to combine the keys.
This concludes our video on managing Knox Suite licenses for Enterprise Edition devices.
For additional help at anytime, please visit us at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!